Improve API Docs and add Package.MD file (#224)
ballerina-platform/module-ballerina-grpc: grpc-ballerina/Module.md

## Module Overview

This module provides an implementation for setting up, connection and interacting with gRPC endpoints. 

gRPC is an inter-process communication technology that allows you to connect, invoke and operate distributed heterogeneous applications as easily as making a local function call. The gRPC protocol is layered over HTTP/2 and It uses Protocol Buffers for marshaling/unmarshaling messages. This makes gRPC, highly efficient on wire and a simple service definition framework.

When you develop a gRPC application the first thing you do is define a service definition using Protocol Buffers.

> ### Protocol buffers

Reviewer: Shall we change the titles into either title case or sentence case?

Author: will change to title case

Reviewer 2: This has be changed in all the following titles.

## Overview

This module provides an implementation for connecting and interacting with gRPC endpoints. 

> gRPC is an inter-process communication technology that allows you to connect, invoke and operate distributed heterogeneous applications as easily as making a local function call. The gRPC protocol is layered over HTTP/2 and It uses Protocol Buffers for marshaling/unmarshaling messages. This makes gRPC, highly efficient on wire and a simple service definition framework.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
gRPC is an inter-process communication technology that allows you to connect, invoke, and operate distributed, heterogeneous applications as easily as making a local function call. The gRPC protocol is layered over HTTP/2 and uses Protocol Buffers for marshaling/unmarshaling messages. This makes gRPC highly efficient on wire and a simple service definition framework.
```

> When you develop a gRPC application the first thing you do is define a service definition using Protocol Buffers.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When you develop a gRPC application, the first thing you do is define a service definition using Protocol Buffers.
```

### Protocol Buffers
This is a mechanism to serialize the structured data introduced by Google and used by the gRPC framework. Defining the service using Protocol Buffers includes defining remote methods in the service and defining message types that are sent across the network. A sample service definition is shown below.

```proto
syntax = "proto3";

service Helloworld {

>      rpc hello(HelloRequest) returns (HelloResponse);

Reviewer 4: Shouldn't the standard indentation equal to 4 spaces?
Check the other instances as well.

}

message HelloRequest {
    string name = 1;
}

message HelloResponse {
    string message = 1;
}
```

gRPC allows client applications to directly call the server-side methods using the auto-generated stubs. Protocol
 Buffer compiler is used to generate the stubs for the specified language. In Ballerina, the stubs are generated using the built-in 'Protocol Buffers to Ballerina' tool. 

> For the guide on how to generate Ballerina code for Protocol Buffers definition, see [how to guide](https://ballerina.io/learn/how-to-generate-code-for-protocol-buffers/).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For information on how to generate Ballerina code for Protocol Buffers definition, see [gRPC](https://ballerina.io/learn/user-guide/network-communication/grpc/).
```

### gRPC Communication Patterns

> The common communication pattern between client and server is simple request-response style communication. However, with gRPC, you can leverage different inter-process communication patterns other than the simple request-response pattern.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The common communication pattern between a client and server is simple request-response style communication. However, with gRPC, you can leverage different inter-process communication patterns other than the simple request-response pattern.
```

```proto
service HelloWorld {
    rpc hello (google.protobuf.StringValue)
          returns (google.protobuf.StringValue);
}
```
##### Creating the Server
The code snippet given below contains a service that sends a response to each request.

```ballerina
// The gRPC service is attached to the listener.
service HelloWorld on new grpc:Listener(9090)  {
    // The function accepts a string message.
    remote function hello(string name) returns string|error {
        // Send the response to the client.
        return "Hi " + name + "! Greetings from gRPC service!");
    }
}
```
##### Creating the Client
The code snippet given below calls the above service in a synchronized manner using an auto-generated Ballerina stub.

```ballerina
// Use ‘HelloWorldClient’ to execute the call in the synchronized mode.
HelloWorldClient helloClient = check new("http://localhost:9090");

// Call the service remote function using a client stub.
string responseFromServer = check helloClient->hello("Ballerina");
```

#### Server streaming RPC

> In server-side streaming RPC, the sends back a sequence of responses after getting the client's request message. After sending all the server responses, the server marks the end of the stream by sending the server status details.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In server-side streaming RPC, the server sends back a sequence of responses after getting the client's request message. After sending all the server responses, the server marks the end of the stream by sending the server status details.
```

> Users can invoke in a non-blocking manner.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You can invoke this in a non-blocking manner.
```

```proto
service HelloWorld {
    rpc lotsOfReplies (google.protobuf.StringValue)
          returns (stream google.protobuf.StringValue);
}
```
##### Creating the Server
The code snippet given below contains a service that sends a sequence of responses to each request.

```ballerina
// The gRPC service is attached to the listener.
service HelloWorld on new grpc:Listener(9090) {
    remote function lotsOfReplies(string name) returns stream<string, grpc:Error?> {
        string[] greets = ["Hi " + name, "Welcome " + name];
        // Send multiple responses to the client.
        return greets.toStream();
   }
}
```

##### Creating the Client
The code snippet given below calls the above service using the auto-generated Ballerina client stub and reads multiple server responses using a stream.

> Here the message stream is ended with a `()` value.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Here, the message stream is ended with a `()` value.
```

```ballerina

>    // Client endpoint configurations.

Reviewer 4: Shouldn't any ballerina code sample start with zero indentation?
Let's check other instances as well.

Author: this is because these client codes come inside the main function or other function.

The code snippet given below calls the above service using the auto-generated Ballerina client stub and sends multiple request messages to the server and receives multiple responses from the server.

```ballerina
    // Client endpoint configurations.
    ChatClient chatClient = check new("http://localhost:9090");

    // Execute the service streaming call by registering a message listener.
    ChatStreamingClient streamingClient = check chatClient->chat();

    // Send multiple messages to the server.
    string[] greets = ["Hi", "Hey", "GM"];
    foreach string greet in greets {
        ChatMessage mes = {name: "Ballerina", message: greet};
        grpc:Error? connErr = streamingClient->sendChatMessage(mes);
    }

    // Once all the messages are sent, the server notifies the caller 
    // with a `complete` message.
    grpc:Error? result = streamingClient->complete();
    ...

    // Receive the server stream response iteratively.
    string? result = check streamingClient->receiveString();
    while !(result is ()) {
        io:println(result);
        result = streamingClient->receiveString();
    }
```

### Advanced Use cases

#### Using the TLS protocol

> The Ballerina gRPC module allows the use TLS in communication. This setting expects a secure socket to be 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The Ballerina gRPC module allows the use of TLS in communication. This setting expects a secure socket to be 
```

set in the connection configuration as shown below.

##### Configuring TLS in Server Side

```ballerina
// Server endpoint configuration with the SSL configurations.
listener grpc:Listener ep = new (9090, {
    host: "localhost",
    secureSocket: {
        key: {
            certFile: "../resource/path/to/public.crt",
            keyFile: "../resource/path/to/private.key"
        }
    }
});

service HelloWorld on ep {
    
}
```

##### Configuring TLS in Client Side

```ballerina
    // Client endpoint configuration with SSL configurations.
    HelloWorldClient helloWorldClient = check new ("https://localhost:9090", {
        secureSocket: {
            cert: "../resource/path/to/public.crt"
        }
    });
```

#### Using Headers

> The Ballerina gRPC module allows to send/receive headers with request and response using context record type. The

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The Ballerina gRPC module allows to send/receive headers with the request and response using the context record type. The
```

>  context record type consists of two fields called headers and content. e.g: For the string message type generated context record type is like,

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
 context record type consists of two fields called headers and content. E.g: For the string message, a type generated context record type will be as follows.
```

  
```ballerina
public type ContextString record {|
    string content;
    map<string|string[]> headers;
|};
```

> ##### Using Headers in Client Side

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
##### Using Headers in the Client Side
```

```ballerina
    // Set the custom headers to the request.
    ContextString requestMessage =
    {content: "WSO2", headers: {client_header_key: "0987654321"}};
    // Execute the remote call.
    ContextString result = check ep->helloContext(requestMessage);
    // Read Response content.
    string content = result.content;
    // Read Response header value.
    string headerValue = check grpc:getHeader(result.headers, 
                                                    "server_header_key");
```

> ##### Using Headers in Server Side

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
##### Using Headers in the Server Side
```

```ballerina
service "HelloWorld" on new grpc:Listener(9090) {
    remote function hello(ContextString request) returns ContextString|error {
        // Read the request content.
        string message = "Hello " + request.content;

        // Read custom headers in request message.
        string reqHeader = check grpc:getHeader(request.headers, 
                                                        "client_header_key");

        // Send response with custom headers.
        return {content: message, 
                        headers: {server_header_key: "Response Header value"}};
    }
}
```

> #### Using Deadline

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
#### Using Deadlines
```

Deadlines allow gRPC clients to specify how long they are willing to wait for an RPC to complete before the RPC is

>  terminated with the error `DEADLINE_EXCEEDED`. In Ballerina, deadline value is set directly to the headers and send

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
 terminated with the `DEADLINE_EXCEEDED` error. In Ballerina, a deadline value is set directly to the headers and it is sent
```

>   it via request headers.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  via the request headers.
```

> ##### Setting a Deadline in Request Headers

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
##### Setting a Deadline in the Request Headers
```

```ballerina
    time:Utc current = time:utcNow();
    time:Utc deadline = time:utcAddSeconds(current, 300);
    map<string|string[]> headers = grpc:setDeadline(deadline);
```

> ##### Checking Deadlines

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
##### Checking the Deadlines
```

> ## Module Overview

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
## Overview
```
